# This file was autogenerated by uv via the following command:
#    uv pip compile requirements.in
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
anyio==4.9.0
    # via
    #   httpx
    #   jupyter-server
    #   openai
    #   starlette
    #   watchfiles
argon2-cffi==25.1.0
    # via jupyter-server
argon2-cffi-bindings==21.2.0
    # via argon2-cffi
arrow==1.3.0
    # via isoduration
asttokens==3.0.0
    # via stack-data
async-lru==2.0.5
    # via jupyterlab
attrs==25.3.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
babel==2.17.0
    # via jupyterlab-server
beautifulsoup4==4.13.4
    # via nbconvert
black==25.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
bleach==6.2.0
    # via nbconvert
cachetools==6.1.0
    # via solara-ui
certifi==2025.7.14
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
cffi==1.17.1
    # via argon2-cffi-bindings
charset-normalizer==3.4.2
    # via requests
click==8.2.1
    # via
    #   black
    #   rich-click
    #   solara-server
    #   uvicorn
comm==0.2.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
debugpy==1.8.15
    # via ipykernel
decorator==5.2.1
    # via ipython
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via nbconvert
distro==1.9.0
    # via openai
executing==2.2.0
    # via stack-data
fastjsonschema==2.21.1
    # via nbformat
filelock==3.18.0
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   solara-server
    #   torch
    #   transformers
fqdn==1.5.1
    # via jsonschema
fsspec==2025.7.0
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torch
h11==0.16.0
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   uvicorn
hf-xet==1.1.5
    # via huggingface-hub
httpcore==1.0.9
    # via httpx
httpx==0.28.1
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   openai
huggingface-hub==0.33.4
    # via
    #   tokenizers
    #   transformers
humanize==4.12.3
    # via solara-ui
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   jsonschema
    #   requests
ipykernel==6.29.5
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   solara-server
ipython==9.4.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
ipython-pygments-lexers==1.1.1
    # via ipython
ipyvue==1.11.2
    # via
    #   ipyvuetify
    #   solara-ui
ipyvuetify==1.11.3
    # via solara-ui
ipywidgets==8.1.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipyvue
    #   reacton
    #   solara-ui
isoduration==20.11.0
    # via jsonschema
isort==6.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
jedi==0.19.2
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.1.6
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbconvert
    #   solara-server
    #   torch
jiter==0.10.0
    # via openai
json5==0.12.0
    # via jupyterlab-server
jsonpointer==3.0.0
    # via jsonschema
jsonschema==4.24.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbformat
jsonschema-specifications==2025.4.1
    # via jsonschema
jupyter-client==8.6.3
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
    #   solara-server
jupyter-core==5.8.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
jupyter-events==0.12.0
    # via jupyter-server
jupyter-lsp==2.2.5
    # via jupyterlab
jupyter-server==2.16.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-lsp
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-code-formatter
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   notebook-shim
jupyter-server-terminals==0.5.3
    # via jupyter-server
jupyterlab==4.4.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyterlab-execute-time
jupyterlab-code-formatter==3.0.2
    # via -r requirements.in
jupyterlab-execute-time==3.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
jupyterlab-pygments==0.3.0
    # via nbconvert
jupyterlab-server==2.27.3
    # via jupyterlab
jupyterlab-widgets==3.0.15
    # via ipywidgets
jupytext==1.17.2
    # via -r requirements.in
markdown==3.8.2
    # via
    #   pymdown-extensions
    #   solara-ui
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via
    #   jupytext
    #   mdit-py-plugins
    #   rich
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   nbconvert
matplotlib-inline==0.1.7
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mdit-py-plugins==0.4.2
    # via jupytext
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
mistune==3.1.3
    # via nbconvert
mpmath==1.3.0
    # via sympy
mypy-extensions==1.1.0
    # via black
nbclient==0.10.2
    # via nbconvert
nbconvert==7.16.6
    # via jupyter-server
nbformat==5.10.4
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupytext
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   solara-server
nest-asyncio==1.6.0
    # via ipykernel
networkx==3.5
    # via torch
notebook-shim==0.2.4
    # via jupyterlab
numpy==2.3.1
    # via
    #   solara-ui
    #   transformers
nvidia-cublas-cu12==12.6.4.1
    # via
    #   nvidia-cudnn-cu12
    #   nvidia-cusolver-cu12
    #   torch
nvidia-cuda-cupti-cu12==12.6.80
    # via torch
nvidia-cuda-nvrtc-cu12==12.6.77
    # via torch
nvidia-cuda-runtime-cu12==12.6.77
    # via torch
nvidia-cudnn-cu12==9.5.1.17
    # via torch
nvidia-cufft-cu12==11.3.0.4
    # via torch
nvidia-cufile-cu12==1.11.1.6
    # via torch
nvidia-curand-cu12==10.3.7.77
    # via torch
nvidia-cusolver-cu12==11.7.1.2
    # via torch
nvidia-cusparse-cu12==12.5.4.2
    # via
    #   nvidia-cusolver-cu12
    #   torch
nvidia-cusparselt-cu12==0.6.3
    # via torch
nvidia-nccl-cu12==2.26.2
    # via torch
nvidia-nvjitlink-cu12==12.6.85
    # via
    #   nvidia-cufft-cu12
    #   nvidia-cusolver-cu12
    #   nvidia-cusparse-cu12
    #   torch
nvidia-nvtx-cu12==12.6.77
    # via torch
openai==1.97.0
    # via -r requirements.in
overrides==7.7.0
    # via jupyter-server
packaging==25.0
    # via
    #   black
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-code-formatter
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   jupytext
    #   nbconvert
    #   transformers
pandocfilters==1.5.1
    # via nbconvert
parso==0.8.4
    # via jedi
pathspec==0.12.1
    # via black
pexpect==4.9.0
    # via ipython
pillow==11.3.0
    # via solara-ui
platformdirs==4.3.8
    # via
    #   black
    #   jupyter-core
prometheus-client==0.22.1
    # via jupyter-server
prompt-toolkit==3.0.51
    # via ipython
psutil==7.0.0
    # via ipykernel
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via
    #   pexpect
    #   terminado
pure-eval==0.2.3
    # via stack-data
pycparser==2.22
    # via cffi
pydantic==2.11.7
    # via openai
pydantic-core==2.33.2
    # via pydantic
pygments==2.19.2
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   ipython-pygments-lexers
    #   nbconvert
    #   rich
    #   solara-ui
pymdown-extensions==10.16
    # via solara-ui
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   arrow
    #   jupyter-client
python-json-logger==3.3.0
    # via jupyter-events
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupytext
    #   pymdown-extensions
    #   transformers
pyzmq==27.0.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
reacton==1.9.1
    # via solara-ui
referencing==0.36.2
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
    #   jupyter-events
regex==2024.11.6
    # via transformers
requests==2.32.4
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   solara-ui
    #   transformers
rfc3339-validator==0.1.4
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rfc3986-validator==0.1.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rich==14.0.0
    # via rich-click
rich-click==1.8.9
    # via solara-server
rpds-py==0.26.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
ruff==0.12.4
    # via -r requirements.in
safetensors==0.5.3
    # via transformers
send2trash==1.8.3
    # via jupyter-server
setuptools==80.9.0
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   torch
    #   triton
six==1.17.0
    # via
    #   python-dateutil
    #   rfc3339-validator
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   openai
solara==1.50.1
    # via -r requirements.in
solara-server==1.50.1
    # via solara
solara-ui==1.50.1
    # via
    #   solara
    #   solara-server
soupsieve==2.7
    # via beautifulsoup4
stack-data==0.6.3
    # via ipython
starlette==0.47.1
    # via solara-server
sympy==1.14.0
    # via torch
terminado==0.18.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyter-server-terminals
tinycss2==1.4.0
    # via bleach
tokenizers==0.21.2
    # via transformers
torch==2.7.1
    # via -r requirements.in
tornado==6.5.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   terminado
tqdm==4.67.1
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   openai
    #   transformers
traitlets==5.14.3
    # via
    #   comm
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-core
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
transformers==4.53.2
    # via -r requirements.in
triton==3.3.1
    # via torch
types-python-dateutil==2.9.0.20250708
    # via arrow
typing-extensions==4.14.1
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   beautifulsoup4
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   openai
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   reacton
    #   referencing
    #   rich-click
    #   starlette
    #   torch
    #   typing-inspection
typing-inspection==0.4.1
    # via pydantic
uri-template==1.3.0
    # via jsonschema
urllib3==2.5.0
    # via requests
uvicorn==0.35.0
    # via solara-server
watchdog==6.0.0
    # via solara-server
watchfiles==1.1.0
    # via solara-server
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via prompt-toolkit
webcolors==24.11.1
    # via jsonschema
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   tinycss2
websocket-client==1.8.0
    # via jupyter-server
websockets==15.0.1
    # via solara-server
widgetsnbextension==4.0.14
    # via ipywidgets
